.bd B 3
.TH lnkpru 1 "Apr 10, 2014" "TI Tools" "TI Code Generation Tools"
.SH NAME
lnkpru - ELF Linker
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lnkpru
[
.I options
] [
.I file(s)
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The ELF Linker creates executable modules by combining ELF object files.  For more information on using the linker, see the 
.B Assembly Language Tools User's Guide

.SH OPTIONS
The following options are accepted by this tool:
.SS Basic Options:
.SS
.TP
--heap=size
Specify the maximum heap size for C/C++ dynamic memory allocation. [Same as -heap]
.TP
-heap=size
Specify the maximum heap size for C/C++ dynamic memory allocation. [Same as --heap]
.TP
-m=file
Produce a listing of all input and output sections into <file>.
.TP
-o=file
Full filename of the output file.
.TP
--stack=size
Set C system stack size [Same as -stack]
.TP
-stack=size
Set C system stack size [Same as --stack]
.SS File Search Path Options:
.SS
.TP
--disable_auto_rts
Do not attempt to automatically select and link a runtime library.
.TP
-i=dir
Alter the library-search algorithm to look in dir before looking in the default location.  This option must appear before the -l option.
.TP
-l=file
Include library file or command file as input
.TP
-priority
Search libraries in priority order
.TP
-x
Reread libraries; resolve backward references
.SS Diagnostics Options:
.SS
.TP
-pdew
Treat warnings as errors
.TP
-w
Warn if an unspecified output section is created
.SS Linker Output Options:
.SS
.TP
-a
Produce absolute executable object file (default)
.TP
-abs
Produce absolute listing file
.TP
--code_endian=big,little
In relocatable object files the endianness of the code is the same as the data. As part of the final link, the endianness of the code can be changed.
.TP
--ecc:data_error=(address|symbol+offset),[page,]bitmask
--ecc:data_error=(address|symbol+offset),[page,]bitmask - Introduce bit errors in the outfile. The bits to be flipped in the outfile are located in the unit at the specified offset. The offset is relative to either the origin of the page, or relative to the position of the base symbol, if specified. The default page is zero, and any page may be specified. The bits to be flipped at the specified location are indicated by set bits in the bitmask. In effect, the data in the outfile will be the bitwise-exclusive-or of the bitmask with original code or data. Bit errors can only be applied to initialized data, such as the contents of Flash memory. The effective address of the error must lie inside either the output memory range or the input memory range of an ECC specification.
.TP
--ecc:ecc_error=(address|symbol+offset),[page,]bitmask
--ecc:ecc_error=(address|symbol+offset),[page,]bitmask - Introduce bit errors in corresponding ECC memory. This option behaves like the --ecc:data_error option, except that the bits are not flipped in the code/data memory at the specified location. Instead, the bits are flipped in the ECC memory area that corresponds to the specified location. The bitmask is 8 bits wide. In the presence of mirroring, bits will be flipped in all mirrored copies of the corresponding ECC byte. The effective address of the error must lie inside the input memory range of an ECC specification.
.TP
--mapfile_contents=attribute
Enable the display of <attribute> or disable with no<attribute> in the linker generated map file.  Multiple attributes can be specified by separating them with commas (e.g. --mapfile_contents=sections,nosymbols).  Type --mapfile_contents=help for a list of attributes.
.TP
-r
Produce a relocatable output module
.TP
--rom
This option allows the creation of ROM object module
.TP
-xml_link_info=file
Produce a detailed link information data-base into the file named <file>.
.SS Symbol Management Options:
.SS
.TP
-b
Disable type merging in symbolic debugging information.
.TP
-e=symbol
Specify program entry point for the output module
.TP
-g=symbol
Don't make global symbol static if -h is specified
.TP
--globalize=pattern
The option '--localize=l_pattern' makes the symbols matching the l_pattern hidden. The '--globalilze=g_pattern' option excludes symbols matching g_pattern from symbol localization provided g_pattern is more restrictive than l_pattern. 
.TP
-h
Make all global symbols static
.TP
--hide=pattern
Hide the symbols matching the pattern by changing the name to empty string
.TP
--localize=pattern
Given a symbol name pattern, make all the symbols matching this pattern local
.TP
--retain=sym_or_scn_spec
When --unused_section_elimination is enabled, the ELF linker does not include a section in the final link if it is not needed in the executable to resolve references. This option can be used to tell the linker to retain a list of sections that would otherwise be not retained. This option accepts the wild cards '*' and '?' and when wild cards are used, the argument should be in quotes. The following option parameters are accepted:

--retain=symbol_spec retains sections that define symbol matching the argument. For ex, --retain='init*' retains sections that define symbols that start with 'init'. User may not specify --retain='*'.

--retain=file_spec(scn_spec [,scn_spec ...]) retains sections matching scn_spec(s) from files matching file_spec. For ex, the argument '*(.initvec)' causes the linker to retain .initvec sections from all input files.

NOTE: User can specify --retain='*(*)' to retain all the sections from all the input object files. Note that this does not prevent sections from library members from being optimized out. If you want to totally disable unused section elimination, please use --unused_section_elimination=off.

--retain=ar_spec<mem_spec, [mem_spec ...]>(scn_spec, [scn_spec ...]) retains sections matching scn_spec(s) from members matching mem_spec(s) from archive files matching ar_spec. For ex, rts32eabi.lib<printf.obj>(.text) causes the linker to retain .text section from printf.obj in rts32eabi.lib. If the library is specified with -l option (-lrts32eabi.lib) the library search path is used to search the library. User may not specify '*<*>(*)'. 
.TP
-s
Strip symbol table and line number entries
.TP
-u=sym
Add <sym> to symbol table as an unresolved symbol
.TP
--unhide=pattern
The option --hide=hide_pattern makes the symbols matching the hide_pattern hidden. The --unhide=unhide_pattern option excludes symbols matching unhide_pattern from symbol hiding provided unhide_pattern is more restrictive than hide_pattern. 
.SS Runtime Environment Options:
.SS
.TP
--args=size
Set C argc/argv memory size
.TP
-c
Link using ROM autoinitialization model
.TP
-cr
Link using RAM autoinitialization model
.TP
-f=value
Set the default fill value for filling holes in output sections.
.SS Miscellaneous Options:
.SS
.TP
-help
Display usage information.  Followed by another option, will display detailed information on that option. [Same as --help]
.TP
--help
Display usage information.  Followed by another option, will display detailed information on that option. [Same as -help]
.TP
-j
Disable conditional linking; ignore all .clink directives.
.TP
--preferred_order=function
Insert a function into the preferred function order list for placement.  Functions that are close to each other in the preferred function order list will tend to be placed close together (increase program locality between them).  Static functions of the same name can be distinguished from each other by prefixing the function name with the path and file in which the function is defined followed by a ':' character to delimit the beginning of the function name.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The following error values are returned:
.PD 0
.TP 10
.B 0
Successful completion.
.TP
.B >0
Unsuccessful completion; an error occured.
.PD
.SH COPYRIGHT
.TP
Copyright (c) 2014, Texas Instruments, Inc.
